So let's use our newly gained directive knowledge and put it into practice by building yet another custom
directive
but now it's your turn.
What do I want you to build?
I want to build a custom directive which works like v-on,
basically without all its modifiers and so on
but I want you to build a directive which you can attach like v-myon, whatever you want to choose as a
name and then no modifiers and anything like that
but now just the argument being the event like click and then between the quotation marks, some code you
want to execute. Now to make it a little bit easier,
between the quotation marks here,
we only want accept functions we then execute.
Now that might sound super complicated but I promise you it isn't,
it's a nice challenge though.
So good luck with that,
I'll see you in the next video where we solve this together.